having trained with Allison and her team
I know that filling their bodies up with
stodgy food is the last thing they need
I'm gonna show them a healthy version of
one of their favorite foods burgers and
chips
today it's Allison's turn to cook so I'm
taking it down to the supermarket to get
everything we need for just two pounds
ahead are they funny when was the last
time the station saw some lettuce in
there oh yes right capers for the relish
I love it Oh excuse me you put me in a
yeah yeah with a mask on I couldn't see
veggies I saw actually I don't think
this light will be under 20 boys
anything I'm hoping that he's gonna come
under that 1969 1969 yes look at that
my healthy homemade beef burgers will
give the firefighters of the energy and
nutrition they need burgers don't have
to be full of fat if you make them
yourself you're in control of exactly
what goes into them the most amazing
burger yeah yeah a b-tree reddish and I
made chips right yeah
fried mints season with salt and pepper
and then mix
smoked paprika gives depth to the flavor
K and pepper add some heat Tabasco sauce
even more kick
I lost remember not to scratch meowstic
no no it's gonna be hot and what's the
sauce and ketchup two seasoned molder
burger mixing two patties and place them
in the fridge to firm them up easy to
cook later on guys how'd you like your
burgers rare medium big lads come
potatoes into wedges and part boiling
salted water baked potato wedges are a
healthier and tasty alternative to chips
then prepare the baking tray for the
wedges with salt pepper and olive oil
season the parboiled wedges with olive
oil salt pepper a little Tabasco sauce
chili flakes and finish in the oven on
preheated trays right beetroot and
capers behind ya okay I'm gonna make a
really nice relish now beetroot is rich
in iron add balsamic vinegar salt pepper
olive oil capers and then blend
flat leaf parsley and an earthy fresh
quality to the relish that's quite nice
actually I don't like beetroot yeah
that's lovely nice chopped salad to add
color and toast your BAPS to stop and go
and soggy
then we're ready to go you're hungry
lovely
a nice healthy quick
yeah under two pound yeah
chief burger well done this other
teacher buddy